Three men are lined up behind each other. The tallest man is in the back and can see the 
heads of the two in front of him; the middle man can see the one man in front of him; 
the man in front can’t see anyone. They are blindfolded and hats are placed on their heads, 
picked from three black hats and two white hats. The extra two hats are hidden and the blindfolds 
removed. The tallest man is asked if he knows what color hat he’s wearing; he doesn’t. 
The middle man is asked if he knows; he doesn’t. But the man in front, who can’t see anyone, 
says he knows. How does he know, and what color hat is he wearing?






A teacher writes six words on a board: “cat dog has max dim tag.” She gives three students, Albert, 
Bernard and Cheryl each a piece of paper with one letter from one of the words. Then she asks, 
“Albert, do you know the word?” Albert immediately replies yes. She asks, “Bernard, do you 
know the word?” He thinks for a moment and replies yes. Then she asks Cheryl the same question. 
She thinks and then replies yes. What is the word?



Why are manholes covers round?



Add two numbers without using the addition operator.



A farmer needs to cross the river with his fox, his chicken and a bag of corn. However, 
the boat can only fit the farmer and one other thing at a time. The problem is, the fox 
and the chicken are both hungry, so if he leaves the fox and chicken together, the fox 
might eat the chicken. If he leaves the chicken and corn together, the chicken might eat the corn.

So how can the farmer get everyone across the river safely?


Each and every word in this list has the same unusual uniqueness in common. Here are the words:

Assess
Banana
Dresser
Grammar
Potato
Revive
Uneven
Voodoo




My neighbor Frank says to me one day, he says I have five children. I say I know that. He says 
half of them are boys. I said I'll get right back to you. Can you explain that?


A teacher named Ms. Jones asks her third-grade class if it's anyone's birthday that day and, to her surprise, even though there are 30-something kids in the class, no one raises their hand.

Ms. Jones then asks, "Well, is there anyone here who has a family member whose birthday it is today?"

And little Katie raises her hand and says, "As a matter of fact, today is my father's birthday, and it's also my grandfather's birthday."

The teacher says, "Oh really -- how interesting!"

Little Katie goes on to say, "And they're the same age."

The teacher says, "Oh, no, no, Katie, that can't be." But Katie insists that they’re the same age.

So the question is: Can it be and, if so, how? Now, if you start thinking about February 28th and all that, you're barking up the wrong tree.







Here's a list of words. What do they have in common? Here's the list: "Deft," as in he made a deft move. "First,' he came in first. "Calmness,' he was overcome by calmness. "Canopy,' a canopy covered the boat so he wouldn't get wet. "Laughing,' it was no laughing matter. "Stupid,' needs no further explanation. "Crab cake," as in, "My brother made me crab cakes for dinner, and I ate a bottle of antacid when I got home." And "hijack,' I was hoping that our producer's flight would be hijacked to Bora Bora.







In a room there are a mixture of people and dogs. There are 72 heads, and 200 legs. How many dogs are in the room? (No tricks, no chromosomal abnormalities, no disabilities …)






You’re taking care of a friend’s house whilst he’s on vacation. In one room you pull the chain on a ceiling fan, and when it doesn’t respond you realize the house has temporarily lost power. Doh! Unfortunately, you have to leave now, and you’ll be away for several days.

You know that the fan was in the “off” position before you pulled the chain, and that pulling the chain successively will cycle it through its remaining settings (“off,” “high”, “medium”. etc.). You don’t know how many settings there are, but you are sure there aren’t more than four.

How can you ensure the fan will be in the “off” positions when power is restored?




A murderer is condemned to death. He has to choose between three rooms. The first is full of raging fires, the second is full of assassins with loaded guns, and the third is full of lions that haven't eaten in 3 years. Which room is safest for him?


An apple is 40 cents, a banana is 60 cents and a grapefruit is 80 cents. How much is a pear?



“Knights and knaves” are a popular type of logic puzzle that involves an island inhabited by two types of people: knights and knaves.

Knights always tell the truth
Knaves always lie
On the island, you encounter three people, Ted, Ben and Lil.

Ted says, “at least one of the following is true, that Lil is a knave or that I am a knight.”

Ben says, “Ted could claim that I am a knave.”

Lil says, “neither Ted nor Ben are knights.”

Who is a knight and who is a knave?





The Zebra Puzzle:

The puzzle consists of five different-colored houses in a row, each lived in by a resident of a different nationality.
 Each resident owns a different pet, prefers a different drink, and smokes a different brand of cigarettes than the others.

You’re given 15 other facts:

There are five houses.
The Englishman lives in the red house.
The Spaniard owns the dog.
Coffee is drunk in the green house.
The Ukrainian drinks tea.
The green house is immediately to the right of the ivory house (to your right as you stand facing the row of five houses).
The Old Gold smoker owns snails.
Kools are smoked in the yellow house.
Milk is drunk in the middle house.
The Norwegian lives in the first house.
The man who smokes Chesterfields lives in the house next to the man with the fox.
Kools are smoked in a house next to the house where the horse is kept.
The Lucky Strike smoker drinks orange juice.
The Japanese smokes Parliaments.
The Norwegian lives next to the blue house.
To solve the puzzle, tell me:

1) Which man likes to drink water

2) Which man owns a zebra